Update 101-playstore.md (#3201)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/117-flutter/content/119-deployment/101-playstore.md

# Playstore

> The Playstore is the official Appstore for Android Phones that are powered by Google.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Google Play Store is an online store for Android apps, games, and other digital content. It is operated by Google and is the official app store for Android devices.
```
